Here it is.
Old Ancestor Qing Chuan Swordsmanship
One strike can be eight hundred miles
I wish you all the best.
I'll leave it to you here.
One here.
Please stand before us
You don't have to say anything.
I don't want to say anything to you either.
Not for Mengtu's sake
I won't make it difficult for you.
Let me take you to happiness
You don't want me anymore, okay?
I got my name
What are you doing? Why?
Brother Li Yangmeng
You came grandpa thank you thank you for thanking us
It's all your own test
The result that should be obtained
Besides, over the years
I do owe
Grandpa is fine
Come here.
You see from this position
Look.
Dad, you mean the island country Fuso
Exactly.
Grandpa wants you to help me go to the island country of Fuso
Do something